Add hint about libjpeg, libwebp, libavif, ... (#818)
sulu-io/sulu-docs: bundles/media/imagine-adapter.rst

* `imagick_extension`_
* `vips_extension`_

.. note::

>     You may require to install on your operation system ``libjpeg-dev``, ``libpng-dev``, ``libwebp-dev``, ``libavif-dev``, ...
>     or other libraries to support the range of image mime types you want to support. Linux distributions like
>     Alpine may are not shipping them in the base image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You may need to install additional libraries on your operating system to support various image MIME types,
    such as ``libjpeg-dev, ``libpng-dev``, ``libwebp-dev``, ``libavif-dev``.
     
    Note that some Linux distributions, like Alpine, do not include these libraries in their base images by default.
```

> 

Author: @Prokyonn may you have better suggestions here to make this kind of things easer to understand.

.. code-block:: bash

    apt-get install libmagickwand-dev

>     apt-get install php8.3-imagick

Author: pecl is mostly not used for linux distributions.

.. code-block:: bash

    apt-get install libvips-dev

>     pecl install vips

Author: VIPS uses FFI and not longer requires a PHP extension: https://github.com/libvips/php-vips-ext
